---
link: 'https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/2106670/view/532090585559859214'
author: 'Steam'
date: '2025-02-14T20:54:36'
tags: ['patch-notes']
---

# Children of Tarra Beta

Greetings Gatekeepers,<br />The CoT beta is live! If you’d like to hop in keep in mind the following:<br /><ul class="bb_ul"><li> To access the beta go to Steam, Select Gatekeeper, Manage>Properties>Betas> select “children-of-tarra-beta”.<br /></li><li> Please note, if you switch from the beta branch back to the main one you’ll lose your saves! We recommend staying in beta until the full release of the CoT update. Then your saves will be fine when switching.</li></ul><div class="bb_h2">New Content</div> • 1 New Gatekeeper<br /> • 1 New Planet with 3 unique locations<br /> • 1 New Location for Aurora (with 3 more coming post-beta for the other planets)<br /> • 8 New Enemies<br /> • 8 Elite Enemy Types<br /> • 14 New Artifacts:<br />       • 6 Modifiers<br />       • 4 Structure Changes<br />       • 2 Cursed Signatures<br />       • 1 Amulet<br />       • 1 Rune of Creation<br /><div class="bb_h2">Quality of Life Changes</div> • Enemy Strength Indicator added.<br /> • The selected difficulty level is now displayed on the gameplay UI.<br /> • Emporium has been moved to Quiet Bay, allowing players to unlock new artifacts mid-run.<br /> • Artifact Ban System in the Emporium. Players can now block a limited number of artifacts from appearing in Obelisks during a run. Each ban costs 5 Omni Stones.<br /> • Enemy level scaling has been revamped for a smoother and fairer difficulty curve.<br /> • Artifact descriptions have been fully redesigned for better readability.<br /> • Singleplayer mode added to the network menu, allowing offline play.<br /> • Paths from Chaos Wards to their areas are now shown as moving dashed lines, making navigation easier.<br /> • Sprint can now be triggered immediately after attacking (previously had a short delay).<br /> • Cursed Artifact descriptions for Mediator now display both old and new values for better clarity of the passive ability.<br /><br /><div class="bb_h2">Mechanics Changes</div> • Certain artifact stats now scale logarithmically for improved balance.<br /> • Bleed effect reworked. Damage is now dealt once per damage tick, regardless of the number of Bleed stacks. Tick frequency depends on the Gatekeeper’s attack speed. <br /> •  No more elemental damage bonuses from Bleeding, but overall damage has been increased.<br /> • Tech Hunter’s first skill evolution now applies Bleed with a 15% chance instead of guaranteed.<br /> • Final damage calculations have been improved, accounting for various buffs and debuffs on both Gatekeepers and enemies.<br /> • Gatekeepers can now be affected by Burn and Bleed (yes, it’s going to hurt).<br /> • Powered enemies (with green outlines) have been removed and replaced by Elite enemies.<br /> • Kettlebell artifact now has a stronger knock-back <br /> • Drones no longer spawn in the Quiet Bay.<br /><br />See you on Palium!<br />Gravity Lagoon<br /><div class="bb_h2">Socials</div><a class="bb_link" href="https://steamcommunity.com/linkfilter/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscord.gg%2Fgravitylagoon" rel=" noopener" target="_blank">Join our Discord</a><br /><a class="bb_link" href="https://www.reddit.com/r/Gatekeeper/" rel="" target="_blank">Join our Subreddit</a><br /><a class="bb_link" href="https://steamcommunity.com/linkfilter/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fx.com%2Fgatekeeper_game" rel=" noopener" target="_blank">Follow on X</a>

Published on: Fri, 14 Feb 2025 20:54:36 +0000