---
link: 'https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/2106670/view/532090605491192454'
author: 'Steam'
date: '2025-02-18T21:31:07'
tags: ['patch-notes']
---

# Children of Tarra (Beta Hotfix)

<div class="bb_h3">Fixes</div><ul class="bb_ul"><li> When picking up Catalyst from the pedestal at Altar of the Awakened, the artifact count in the pop-up was miscalculated.<br /></li><li> When picking up Halfmetal Head in the lab at Brood’s Crest, the artifact count in the pop-up was miscalculated.<br /></li><li> Gatekeepers could get stuck on stairs in Elden Tree.<br /></li><li> Inferna was not displayed as a Rampant on the minimap.<br /></li><li> Incorrect burn damage calculation for Inferna.<br /></li><li> The Aeonic Elite ability that disables Gatekeeper cooldowns could sometimes persist after the Aeonic enemy's death.<br /></li><li> Under certain conditions, a Gatekeeper could get stuck in an animation, preventing the use of any skills.<br /></li><li> Opaline Elite’s HP bar sometimes did not appear when taking damage.<br /></li><li> Incorrect elite kill count for the Elite Hunter achievement.<br /></li><li> The Tested By Time achievement was not always obtainable.<br /></li><li> The Three Times Fooled achievement could be obtained by opening empty chests across different locations.<br /></li><li> Nidum’s Circular skill had no impact sound.<br /></li><li> Bastion’s Roar skill sound did not sync with the effect.<br /></li><li> Increasing the area of Pandora’s Lightning Conductor skill actually resulted in a smaller damage radius.<br /></li><li> Under certain conditions, Mediator could continue using Cranium Scatter while in Ghostwalk.<br /></li><li> Umbra was present in the database.<br /></li><li> Duality Sigil retained its damage reduction effect when destroyed in the Forge.<br /></li><li> Attacking the Dummy on Delta could cause the game to crash due to excessive effects (especially when playing as Mediator).<br /></li><li> Multiple players could pick up Halfmetal Head simultaneously in the lab at Brood’s Crest.<br /></li><li> Light from lamps on Delta could flicker at certain angles.<br /></li><li> Void Model lacked a gold outline when Supporter Pack was enabled.</li></ul><div class="bb_h3">Changes</div><ul class="bb_ul"><li> Legends Never Die achievement has been updated: Now, you must defeat an Elite Rampant to obtain it.<br /></li><li> Gnash’s shield now equals 50% of its max HP (previously, it was based on its current HP at the moment of casting).<br /></li><li> Adjustments to the balance of Elite enemies.<br /></li><li> Reduced the push force applied to Gatekeepers by enemies.</li></ul><div class="bb_h3">Additions</div><ul class="bb_ul"><li> Elite status descriptions have been added to the database.</li></ul>

Published on: Tue, 18 Feb 2025 21:31:07 +0000