---
link: 'https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/2106670/view/4692279075651340012'
author: 'Steam'
date: '2024-10-09T20:14:34'
tags: ['patch-notes']
---

# v0.8.5.07 Now Live!

<b>Hello Gatekeepers!</b><br /><br />We've gathered your feedback from the last update and have started working on some fixes and improvements to the game!<br /><br /><b>General:</b><br /><ul class="bb_ul"><li> Reduced the starting price of artifacts in Obelisks.<br /></li><li> Slightly increased the price of artifacts in Delta.<br /></li><li> Increased the base damage of all Gatekeepers.<br /></li><li> Increased the sprint speed of all Gatekeepers, except Tech Hunter.<br /></li><li> Slightly increased the starting number of enemies in locations.<br /></li><li> Now, when a Siren Statue is activated, all remaining enemies in the location become aware of you.<br /></li><li> All Obelisks are now highlighted on the minimap by default, regardless of distance.<br /></li><li> All objects required for completing tasks are highlighted on the minimap by default, regardless of distance.<br /></li><li> Pickable items (Omni Stones and items from Greed’s Gambit artifact) are now displayed on the minimap.<br /></li><li> Added a tooltip above the Forge. You can now check what's in the Forge without opening it.<br /></li><li> Slightly reduced the base HP of Sirens.</li></ul><br /><b>Fixes:</b><br /><ul class="bb_ul"><li> Enemy levels weren't resetting in the arena during repeat runs.<br /></li><li> Some projectiles weren’t functioning or were not working correctly. For example: Essence, Cannonade, etc.<br /></li><li> Fixed several typos in descriptions.<br /></li><li> Fixed incorrect display of some values in Tech Hunter’s chest tooltip.<br /></li><li> Fixed an issue where clients were being kicked out of runs in the later stages, causing the host to encounter softlocks or crashes.</li></ul><br /><br />Thank you for your valuable feedback!<br />We hope your gaming experience continues to improve.<br /><br />Gravity Lagoon

Published on: Wed, 09 Oct 2024 20:14:34 +0000