---
link: https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/2106670/view/4164218701405582967
author: 
date: 2024-05-17T15:36:00
tags: []
---
Greetings, Gatekeepers!  
  
Version 0.8.0.38 is now available for download.  
  
**Fixed:** Drones did not return to the location after falling off a cliff.  
**Fixed:** Sentry's eye moves in random directions when attacking.  
**Fixed:** The Prince could stop attacking gatekeepers at random moments during the battle.  
**Fixed:** It was possible to connect to non-existent lobbies from the lobby browser.  
**Fixed:** In the lobby browser, information about one lobby could be on the button leading to another lobby.  
**Fixed:** Incorrect percentage calculation in the database.  
**Fixed:** Text errors. Incorrect capitalization, incorrect values, spelling mistakes.  
**Fixed:** Improved graphics performance in the main menu (reduced draw calls).  
  
**Changed:** The interaction area is now around the gatekeeper. You no longer need to face an interactive object to activate it.  
**Changed:** The item popup from Gift of Arcanum can now also be closed with the interaction key.  
**Changed:** Hollow Talisman now tries to attack groups of enemies rather than a single enemy.  
**Changed:** Seeding Colossus' attack now has a slight spread instead of hitting a single point.  
**Changed:** Colossus and Collector projectiles now have a lifetime and will not endlessly chase gatekeepers.  
**Changed:** Verdant Mistlands. The location is now smaller for better navigation and a higher density of points of interest.  
**Changed:** On-screen objective indicators are now the same color and larger.  
**Changed:** Siren health slightly reduced, but the number of enemies during Siren battles significantly increased.  
**Changed:** Increased number of obelisks in the initial locations.  
  
**Added:** Option to disable main shadows in the graphics settings.  
  
**Gatekeepers**  
  
**Changed:** Now, after the Replicant ability triggers for Hybrid, his damage increases by 50% until the end of the run.  
**Changed:** Echo's skill cast delays significantly reduced.  
**Changed:** Echo's Breach no longer gets destroyed when barely touching environmental elements.  
**Changed:** Souls from Mediator's Harvest ability now slightly increase their speed while flying to the Mediator.  
  
_+ several minor changes and fixes._  
  
We are very grateful for your feedback.  
**Don't forget to update the game before playing multiplayer.**  
  
_Gravity Lagoon_

Check it [out here on steam](https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/2106670/view/4164218701405582967)

<!-- Make sure that the github edit button link is correct. This just means adding the parent and filename after the content folder in the URL -->

--- [Edit on GitHub](https://github.com/Mondrethos/gatekeeperwiki/edit/main/content/PatchNotes/v0.8.0.38 Now Live!.md)