---
link: https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/2106670/view/4167597669657972228
author: 
date: 2024-05-30T13:37:00
tags: []
---
Greetings, **Gatekeepers**!  
  
Version **0.8.0.39** is now available for download.  
  
**Fixed:** Incorrect damage numbers displayed in statistics.  
**Fixed:** Ritual Vessel did not reduce attack speed.  
**Fixed:** Projectiles from Protocol 2.0 did not always break on surfaces.  
**Fixed:** Swarm Pendant caused errors when players teleported to another location.  
**Fixed:** Harmony did not trigger when activating Quorium, Apotheosis, Juju, or Echo generators.  
**Fixed:** Activated monoliths could be seen through the ground.  
**Fixed:** Infinite loading screens when one of the participants disconnects during a run.  
**Fixed:** Players could attempt to join a run that had already started, breaking the game for themselves and those in the run.  
**Fixed:** The first skill was not counted towards completing the "Pacifist" achievement.  
**Fixed:** Use of HTML codes in chat.  
**Fixed:** Time required for the "Ultimate Question of Life" achievement.  
**Most likely fixed:** Softlock due to invisible enemies.  
  
**Changed:** Reworked Aurora locations for better performance.  
**Changed:** Icon for the "Immune" status, granting enemies immortality.  
**Changed:** The list of artifacts in the database is now divided into groups for easier readability. Enemies are also grouped based on their planet.  
**Changed:** Reworked the obelisk spawn system for more even distribution of artifact rarities.  
**Changed:** Minor rebalance in the Arena.  
**Changed:** Eternal Heart now only activates from gatekeeper skills.  
**Changed:** In the "Kill Them All" quest, enemies now spawn slightly faster.  
**Changed:** Completely reworked the lobby and lobby browser netcode.  
**Changed:** The "Tarra's Claw" artifact now gives a 15% damage bonus against Sirens.  
**Changed:** Damage growth of the "Infurion" artifact is now +0.5% per stack.  
  
**(Tech Hunter) Changed:** The third evolution of the "Trace" skill now grants a shield that protects from only one hit. The shield lasts for 10 seconds.  
**(Tech Hunter) Changed:** Increased spread of bullets from the "Shotgun" skill. Bullets are also slightly larger to cover a wider area.  
**(Mediator) Changed:** Duration of the "Ghostwalk" ability is now 3 seconds.  
**(Mediator) Changed:** "Pain Conduit" no longer triggers most artifacts.  
**(Nidum) Changed:** Ravens from the "Ritual" skill now have a chance to target the strongest enemy within range.  
**(Nidum) Changed:** Ravens from the "Ritual" skill no longer break on interactive objects.  
  
**Added:** A 3-second timer before the start of a run. All actions in the lobby are blocked during the countdown.  
**Added:** In the settings, you can now switch the time slowdown during interactive popups to a full stop.  
  
_+ several minor changes and fixes._  
  
We are very grateful for your feedback.  
**Don't forget to update the game before playing multiplayer.**  
  
_Gravity Lagoon_

Check it [out here on steam](https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/2106670/view/4167597669657972228)

<!-- Make sure that the github edit button link is correct. This just means adding the parent and filename after the content folder in the URL -->

--- [Edit on GitHub](https://github.com/Mondrethos/gatekeeperwiki/edit/main/content/PatchNotes/v0.8.0.39 Now Live!.md)